Previously on The Affair...
Welcome to the end of the world.
Do you remember the
first time you saw her?
Like it was yesterday.
I'm Noah. by the way.
- What are we talking about?
- Noah's new book.
Great. I didn't know there
was enough to talk about yet.
Uh. well. I haven't really
gotten too far with it.
Is she flirting with you?
- Do you want to get out of here?
- ♪ Dramatic music ♪
I don't want to divorce
you. you asshole!
What... what do you want?
I want you to come home.
It's extraordinary. I want
it in stores by next fall.
I don't want this life.
I have to leave. I'm in
love with someone else.
You have chosen to divorce in
what I like to call a humane way.
I blew up my life
for you. Alison.
I don't belong to you.
We're not living in your book.
You can't control me.
I'm pregnant.
I don't know who
Joanie's father is.
I never want to see you again.
And I thought she
had done it deliberately
to trap me. make sure I
could never go back to you.
Fuck!
It was a deer. It was a deer!
Alison. if I don't do something.
they're gonna convict me.
I know. just...
Just tell the truth.
Your Honor. I'm guilty.
I killed Scott Lockhart.
What the hell are
you doing? Sit down.
♪ I was screaming
into the canyon ♪
♪ At the moment of my death ♪
♪ The echo I created ♪
♪ Outlasted my last breath ♪
♪ My voice it made
an avalanche ♪
♪ And buried a
man I never knew ♪
♪ And when he died
his widowed bride ♪
♪ Met your daddy
and they made you ♪
♪ I have only one
thing to do and that's ♪
♪ Be the wave
that I am and then ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean ♪
♪ I have only one
thing to do and that's ♪
♪ Be the wave
that I am and then ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean ♪
♪ I have only one
thing to do and that's ♪
♪ Be the wave
that I am and then ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean ♪
♪ Sink back into the o... ♪
You ready to go?
Hey.
Hi. Hey.
How are you feeling?
I'm fine.
"Thou preparest
a table before me
in the presence of mine enemies.
Thou anointest my head with oil.
My cup runneth over.
Surely goodness and
mercy shall follow me
all the days of my life.
and I will dwell in the
house of the Lord forever."
♪ suspenseful music ♪
We will conclude our
service with a eulogy.
I now invite Arthur's
son. Noah Solloway.
to share some remembrances
of his beloved father.
Um...
Those of you who knew
my dad will... will know
that we didn't always
get along so well.
But I-I loved him.
I did love him.
Uh. wh-when I was a boy. uh...
He used to take me
fishing in the... in the lake
behind the house
where we grew up. and...
♪ solemn music ♪
Well. we both
really enjoyed that.
My sister was...
She and my dad were very close.
I think she was...
She was more his type.
But then she left.
That was a hard time.
He had a... he had a hard
life. At least I think he did.
To be... to be honest.
I-I never really knew him.
Um...
I always wanted to
ask more questions.
You always think there's
gonna be... more time. but...
Thank you for coming.
Thank you. Mr. Solloway.
for those. um. words.
We will now conclude our
service by singing. at his request.
Arthur's favorite song. "Take
Me Out to the Ball Game."
Thank you for telling that
story. Estelle. It was beautiful.
I'm sorry.
What is the matter with you?
Nothing.
Hey. there's your dad.
Hey.
Hey. Thanks for coming.
I think Granddad
would have liked that.
Short and sweet. No bullshit.
Uh. Helen. thank you so much for
coming. You didn't have to do that.
Well. I knew your father for 30
years. Where else would I be?
Can I talk to you for a second?
Come here. sweetie.
You haven't returned
any of my calls.
- I know.
- Why not?
- I don't know.
- I... we need to talk.
- About what?
- About what we're doing.
About what our new
arrangement's going to be.
- Are you still living at your sister's?
- Yes.
Will you be getting
a place of your own?
Eventually.
Don't you want someplace
where you can be with the kids?
- They can come to Nina's.
- I mean alone.
I don't think they want
to be alone with me.
Oh. that's ridiculous.
You're their father.
- Stacey's afraid of me.
- She's not afraid of you.
She's uncomfortable 'cause
she hasn't seen you in three years.
That's why you need
to spend time with her.
Okay. I'm trying. I swear I am.
It's been... it's been two months.
Just give me a break. will ya?
♪ Tense music ♪
Um...
What about us?
Excuse me. Here.
We got it.
"Everyone the Father
gives to me will come to me.
I will never turn away
anyone who believes in me.
He who raised Jesus
Christ from the dead
will also give new life
to our mortal bodies
through his indwelling spirit.
My heart. therefore. is
glad. and my spirit rejoices.
My body also shall rest in hope.
You will show
me the path of life.
In your presence
there is fullness of joy.
and in your right hand
are pleasures forevermore."
May the Lord bless and keep you.
Noah!
"The Lord lift up his countenance
upon him and give him peace." Amen.
Amen.
♪ Solemn music ♪
Thank you so much for coming.
- Thanks.
- Yes. of course.
Thank you.
- You okay?
- Mm-hmm.
That was a lovely service. Nina.
- Your father would be pleased.
- Thanks.
You're coming back to the
house. though. aren't you?
- Oh. uh. I don't know.
- Oh. come on.
The kids. they haven't
seen each other in forever.
Mine are so
looking forward to it.
Do you think we should
come back to the house?
Only if you want to.
It's a school night. so...
Right.
This one time. Their
grandfather just died.
The kids should be together.
Nina. she gave her answer.
- We should go.
- Okay.
Martin needs more time with
his homework this semester
because he's been coming
home with Cs and Ds.
and if he fails out of another
school. he won't get into college.
Thank you for coming. Helen.
It was good to see you.
His adviser wants to have a
parent-teacher conference next week.
I think you should
be there. too.
Uh. when is it?
It's Thursday at four.
Okay. I'll try.
Let's go. Mom.
Martin. come and say
goodbye to your father.
Martin. did you hear me?
I said. "Come and
say good-bye to your..."
Don't make him. Helen. Please.
♪ Solemn music ♪
You have a lovely home.
Oh. thank you. It's not mine.
You're not the husband?
I'm sorry. whose husband?
I thought you were
Nina's husband.
- Oh. no. no. no. I'm the brother.
- The brother.
The brother who went to prison?
You killed him. you
know. with your antics.
He died of a broken heart.
I thought he died of emphysema.
You're a horror.
Uh. excuse me. Donna.
I hope you don't mind terribly.
I'm gonna steal my brother.
- Where you going?
- To grieve.
Come on.
Here.
Muscle relaxants.
How was teaching this week?
- It was fine.
- You have any fun?
Not really.
That's not the point. is it?
The point is to have a job.
Well. if they like you.
then... maybe they'll give you
a full-time gig at the
end of the semester.
Maybe.
You should really shave
that beard. You look insane.
Noah. it's a good university.
and you're a convict.
Ex-convict.
Don't you think that's
part of the appeal?
I'm sorry. I'm just...
I'm having a hard time.
Of course you're
having a hard time.
But it's... it's
going to get better.
- You just have to stay...
- Alive?
I was going to say "positive."
I think JP's tired of
having me around.
Forget JP. I'll take care of it.
He's just tired in general.
It's just been a long summer.
You know. you're the only
one who's ever forgiven me. Nin.
Well. you forgave me once
for something pretty awful. so...
Besides. I think
you're innocent.
I'm not.
♪ Dark music ♪
♪ solemn music ♪
Ow.
- How could he never mention it?
- What?
- You should have asked him.
- What is the matter with you?
I would have never asked
him that. Just calm down.
We're gonna figure it out. okay?
What do you think
we're gonna do. Nina?
How do you think we're
gonna pay for this trip?
And for Christmas? It's
got to be some kind of joke.
Your brother? Your
fucking brother?
Everything okay?
Your father's will
arrived this morning.
Okay.
He didn't have much to leave.
He had his house...
which he left to you.
To me? Why?
I don't know. Noah.
Why don't you tell us?
I don't know. either.
You know he hated you.
- JP.
- No. no. no.
He could barely talk about you.
She's the one who went
to see him every Sunday.
She took him to church.
She took him to the doctor's.
She changed his oxygen.
She changed his fuckin' diapers.
You know that we had to pay
for a live-in nurse at the end?
Hmm? We're in something
of a hole here at the moment.
- Doesn't matter.
- Oh. it doesn't? And why's that?
Because you planted a
money tree in the backyard.
and we can just go out
and pick some fucking bills?
- You're embarrassing me.
- I am. huh?
Has he even paid
for groceries once?
- Once since he's been here?
- Just go take a walk. please.
- He's just like your fuckin' father.
- Get out!
♪ Tense music ♪
We needed that house. Nina.
We needed it.
Fuck it.
Here. let me.
No. I got it.
I got it.
I'll pick you up at six.
No. I told you. I'll...
I'll find my own place.
- You have no money.
- I have a little. I'll manage.
Just... let me talk to JP.
okay? He will calm down.
I don't want the house.
Just tell JP he can have it.
He can sell it. I don't care.
He can't have it.
Dad left it to you.
I'm never going
back there. Nina.
You know that.
He was trying to apologize.
Yeah. well. it's
too late for that.
Fuckhead.
It's way too late for that.
"And so in the end.
as she watched him
get back into his car
and drive back
down the mountain.
she couldn't help but wonder.
would she feel
differently in the morning?
Would she wake up again
with the sense of possibility
she'd taken for
granted as a girl?
In other words.
is this moment the
end of her beginning
or the beginning of her end?
She was still
pondering the question
when she heard the teakettle
whistle and turned from the window.
When she looked back
again. his car was gone."
♪ suspenseful music ♪
The end.
Mr. Solloway?
Uh. yeah. th-thanks.
Thanks. Audrey.
Questions. comments. concerns?
Charlette?
I thought it was
really elegant. Audrey.
I liked the wind imagery.
I felt your narrator's excitement when
the weather changed unexpectedly.
You don't agree. Mr. Solloway?
Uh... no. Charlette. I don't.
I thought it was very dull.
Unless it was supposed
to be a satire. Was it?
- No.
- No. I didn't think it was.
Unfortunately. all that Audrey
has revealed here today
is how shockingly unoriginal
her inner life actually is.
It would probably behoove
you to turn off your computer.
get off your couch. go outside and
risk some live human interactions
so you could observe the
idiosyncrasies of actual behavior.
Better yet. leave campus.
Go visit some
struggling neighborhood
and see real people try
to deal with real problems
and then go home
and write about that.
Or don't. I don't care. Just...
Just don't bring your
diary in here again.
Who's next?
Why are you crying?
Why was she crying?
You eviscerated her. dude.
Listen. kids. if... If
you want to be a writer.
you better get used to
people hating your work.
Why you got to denigrate
her experience. Mr. Solloway?
It's not like your novels
have been paradigms
of diverse socioeconomic
representation.
♪ Solemn music ♪
Hi. yeah.
this is. uh. Professor Solloway.
We spoke about the
apartment you're subletting.
I'm... I'm... I'm
right outside now.
Hey. Noah.
You look great.
Helen. it's okay.
- Helen. tell me about the kids.
- They're fine.
- Are they coming to visit?
- Yeah. of course.
I just wanted to come myself
first to make sure it was safe. and...
Oh. my God. I can't... I
can't believe you're in here.
- It's okay.
- No. it's not okay.
I can't believe you did
this. Why did you do this?
Somebody needed
to take responsibility.
No. that's not true.
That's not how the justice
system works. Juries hang.
Murderers go free.
OJ Simpson wasn't convicted.
Why the fuck were you?
Well. I didn't want to
leave anything to chance.
Listen. it... there's nothing
we can do about it now.
You and the kids are
safe. That's all that matters.
- I'm gonna get you out of here.
- No. you're not.
Yes. I am. I'm going
to speak to my father.
- Your father.
- Yes. he knows the governor.
He helped get him elected.
Maybe he can get your
sentence transmuted.
- You mean "commuted"?
- This is ridiculous.
You can't be here.
Not that bad. actually.
I have my own cell. I
get plenty of exercise.
I even like some of the
guys. They're very smart.
They've... led
fascinating lives.
Might even use a few of them
for research for my new novel.
This isn't a writers' retreat.
Noah. You're incarcerated.
Can't it be both?
Helen. don't worry about me.
I'm tougher than you think I am.
And I owe this to you...
after what I put you through.
♪ Solemn music ♪
Maybe this is my way
of wiping the slate clean.
Besides. they're not gonna keep
me here for the full three years.
I'll be out before you know it.
And what about me?
What am I supposed to
do while you're in here?
Just wait.
Consider the Arthurian
character Merlin. Merlin.
born to a virgin who had
been impregnated by a devil.
Merlin's internal integration
of the two sides to his soul
establishes him as one of
our earliest archetypes for the...
Quel est le mot? For... hello.
You just popped up out of
nowhere. What's your name?
Are you in the right place?
Uh... no. no. sorry.
I think I'm...
Oh. I'm sorry to
put you on the spot.
It's just that I've
asked everyone else
to introduce themselves.
and I didn't see you there.
Uh. I-I'm Noah... Solloway.
Ah. bienvenue.
Monsieur Solloway.
Je suis Professeur Le Gall.
So... where were we?
Ah. oui. The struggle.
Merlin. Merlin is an archetype
for the struggle. perhaps. the...
The war. la guerre. oui...
He's an archetype for the war
between one's conscious mind
and its self-destructive
subconscious desire.
In Robert de Boron's
early version of the tale.
Merlin's virtuous side
overcomes his demonic side.
his holy destiny intact.
Yet a slightly later version
of the exact same tale
depicts Merlin as
irredeemably tainted
by his infernal paternity.
his lightness this time completely
destroyed by his darkness.
In this post-Vulgate version.
we see the fictional shadow self
become a manifestation
of the writer's own depravity.
a shadow of a shadow.
destined to be
destroyed by its creator.
♪ Solemn music ♪
Monsieur Solloway.
Attendez. s'il vous plaît.
I'm just so pleased
to finally meet you.
I feel that you and
I are kindred spirits.
- Kindred spirits? How so?
- Silence is violence!
No means no!
Silence is violence!
- Silence is violence!
- Was there a rape?
I'm not sure. It's
apparently a bit murky.
But I admire them.
these students.
They're adamant when they
feel they're being mistreated.
I was quite surprised.
It's not the same in France.
They're after you.
too. you know.
- Who?
- The students.
Some of the faculty.
There was a big
conversation before you arrived
about whether it was safe
to have you on the campus.
Why?
You just got out of prison. no?
Oh. okay.
And you're a murderer. yes?
Silence is violence!
No means no!
So. are you happy here?
Are you glad you came?
Well. it's. uh... it's
better than prison.
I'll have to remember that on the
days I'm feeling particularly depressed.
Why are you depressed?
Well. "depressed" is probably
wrong. I just feel... bored. Ennui.
I thought I'd come to America
and have a grand
adventure. you know?
- Mm.
- I'd be at a famous university.
arguing with passionate
students late into the nights.
And instead. it's. um...
Instead. it's New Jersey.
Yes.
Where everyone
is just so... nice.
Before I began. I got
a kind of a... a merde...
How do you say? A
sermon from the dean
about making the
students feel secure.
I thought. "Secure.
at a university? Why?"
I don't remember feeling secure
when I was in school. do you?
- No.
- You see?
I said. "Monsieur. surely
our job is to challenge them.
to unsettle. to make
them feel insecure. no?"
- Mm-hmm.
- No.
Yeah. it wasn't
always like this.
I remember back when I
was teaching high school.
I started noticing
the change after 9/11.
- Mm.
- The president came on the television
and started talking about
keeping Americans safe.
and suddenly all the
students were repeating it.
And these current students.
they're... they're even younger.
and they've grown up
on a whole rhetoric of s...
♪ dramatic music ♪
Noah. are you all right?
Uh. yeah. Yeah. uh...
I'm having a small
dinner party tonight.
Would you like to come?
Sure. Okay.
Très bien.
So sorry I'm late.
Shall we?
You're teaching only
one class. correct?
That's right. yeah. I'm
hoping for more next semester.
How's it going?
Well. I think.
I think it's going well.
No trouble?
Nope.
The job ends in December?
Yes. but. uh. there's a possibility
I'll be invited back for the spring term.
And if you're not?
Uh...
I don't know.
It's important that you stay
employed. Mr. Solloway.
as part of your rehabilitation.
I know.
Are you waiting for somebody?
No. no. sorry. I ju...
How's your living situation?
You still at your sister's?
Uh. no.
- No? You moved?
- As of today... uh. tonight.
And you didn't feel it
was important that I know?
It's just happened.
It's student housing.
I'm subletting from...
From an undergraduate.
I need to visit.
I need to see it.
Well. we can go right now if
you like. I-I got the key. we...
No. I'd rather come by
when you least expect it.
Of course.
Why'd you move?
Trouble with your sister?
No. no. no. No. I just...
I just wanted to live...
Live closer to work.
Okay. Mr. Solloway.
Stay employed.
Don't piss anybody
off. We'll be in touch.
Thanks so much for coming.
It's my job. They
pay me to do this.
Officer Santos.
Who... who knows I'm here?
What do you mean?
Well. is there a record
of my... Where I live now.
or where I work. on a
database anywhere?
Why are you asking?
I'm just wondering if
it's... If it's possible for...
For anybody still inside Fishkill
to find out my current address.
As in other prisoners?
Of course not.
Or a guard. Could a
guard. for example.
have access to that information?
Why are you asking. Solloway?
Never mind. It's not important.
Is there anything
you need to tell me?
No.
Here. let me walk you out.
♪ Tense music ♪
♪ suspenseful music ♪
Oh. come on. man!
Stop. stop!
Whoa. whoa. where do you
think... You have to pay for that shit.
Here. enough? Is that enough?
Yeah. We're cool.
man. You're good.
Audrey. I-I didn't
know you'd be here.
Professor Le Gall is my adviser.
Is she?
Oui.
For God's sakes. Audrey.
nobody is condoning rape.
We're just saying that
the term "sexual assault"
is so expansively used now
that it dilutes public outrage
for the very crime
you're trying to prosecute.
Really. Mike?
Because a woman who cries sexual assault
might just be looking for attention?
Or... or maybe she was confused.
Maybe she really did want it.
Maybe she did. Maybe she did.
and then maybe
she regretted it later.
I mean. I've certainly regretted
sleeping with certain people.
But when I do. I don't bring a
disciplinary charge against them.
Oh. fuck you. Cornwall.
You know. you ladies...
Not you. Professor...
But you two are on a witch-hunt.
- Oh. no.
- Excuse me?
Yes. you are. You are. and I
get it. No. no. no. no. I get it.
You've been victims of this
systematized patriarchal oppression
- for many years now...
- Just stop talking.
But that doesn't give you
the right to terrorize us.
- Terrorize you?
- Terrorize. yes.
I feel terrified to touch
a woman at a party now.
especially if she's had a drink.
because if I take her home. right.
and I fuck her. the
next morning I wake up.
and I... and I don't
tell her that I-I love her
or that I want to marry her.
she can literally prosecute me.
Okay. I stopped listening at
the part where she fucks you.
because that's where
your story lost all credibility.
Come on. Professor. Blake.
He's right. All this talk of
consent is just demoralizing.
- "Demoralizing"?
- It's fucking confusing.
It's not that confusing.
Ask her what she wants.
- I don't want to ask her.
- Why the fuck not?
Because asking isn't sexy.
Professor Le Gall. you must
have an opinion about this.
Professor Le Gall is
an expert in courtly love.
and I'm pretty
sure that Lancelot
never asked Guinevere
permission to slip it in.
Actually. Mike. if
that's what you think.
then you haven't been paying
enough attention in my lectures.
In courtly love. the
woman is always in charge.
She is the lord and master.
and the knight is her servant.
Even when he cannot consummate
his passion. as is often the case.
the very act of loving
her enriches his life
and improves his nobility.
Huh. Imagine that. Mike.
a man loving a woman
who he doesn't get to fuck.
That's not true. all right?
You... you said "erotic love."
I wrote down the word
"erotic" in my notebook.
I-I circled it three times.
But erotic doesn't
always mean physical.
Mm. Sometimes the woman
invites the man into her bed.
and he's not
allowed to touch her.
Is there anything
more erotic than that?
You want to know what my
problem is with courtly love?
It's just exhausting
for the guys.
- Yes.
- All those fuckin' ordeals
to prove their ardor
and commitment.
Joust upon joust upon joust.
I mean. stop faking. Just
give me the bacon. baby.
- Bacon.
- That's it. What's up. right?
What about you.
Professor Solloway?
Me?
What do you make
of our conversation?
Well. I'm. uh. I'm
fascinated. of course.
Oh. do you know
much about courtly love?
No.
Sexual assault?
There's a chapter in
your last book. Descent.
that I've been meaning
to ask you about.
It's the part where you have
sex with your wife against a tree.
Was that supposed to be a rape?
Well. I don't think this is
the appropriate context
to discuss my book.
No. please.
We're interested.
See. the thing is.
Professor Solloway.
when we heard that you
were coming to teach.
we were all a little nervous.
You have to understand that
your reputation precedes you.
and I guess I would just
feel a lot safer in your class
if I understood your attitude toward
consent and women in general.
♪ Tense music ♪
My attitude towards
women in general?
Mm-hmm.
Uh. well. in general. Audrey.
I. uh. I-I approve of women.
I think you're all great.
And... and. no. I did not consider
it to be a... a scene of rape.
What was it. then?
Um... dominant sex?
- But it wasn't rape?
- No.
- And there's a difference?
- Yes.
Would you say that Lana
consented to that experience?
Well. uh. no. but I'd
say I think she enjoyed it.
Are you fucking kidding me?
My point is. I-I don't...
I think sex can be about
both wanting and not wanting.
It's... it's a war between
the intellect and instinct.
between shame and desire.
and that's what makes
it so interesting. and...
also. to your first point.
frankly impossible to legislate.
Merveilleux.
Professor. he's
a rape apologist.
I don't know why
we're asking him.
The man basically
wrote a self-help book
on how to cheat on your
wife and get away with it.
That's not how I read Descent.
Did you read it in English?
Because. believe us.
that book is a training manual
for how to be an asshole.
What I read was the
account of a courageous man
who falls into a true love
with a woman who isn't his wife
and risks everything
to be with her.
A kind of a Lancelot.
♪ Solemn music ♪
But perhaps I misunderstood.
Do you mind if I join you?
Want one?
No. thanks.
You don't smoke?
No.
Hmm.
Listen. Audrey. I
wanted to apologize
for the way I treated
you in class today.
It wasn't my best day.
Do you really feel
unsafe in my class?
Is it a possibility
that feeling that way
could maybe compel you to
take more risks as a writer?
Take you out of
your comfort zone?
Professor Solloway. what
you don't seem to understand
about women in general
is that we feel
unsafe all the time.
At class. At parties.
Job interviews.
You know. getting
into an elevator.
Parking our cars.
Walking down
the street at night.
I don't need you to push
me out of my comfort zone.
I've never been inside one.
I'm sorry. Audrey. I...
I've been away for a
long time. and I... I-I guess
I'm out of practice. I-I...
I've... I've forgotten how to...
talk to people.
Qu'est-ce qui se passe?
Want a tour?
Uh. yeah. Sure.
This used to be a boarding
house for wayward women.
way back at the turn
of the last century.
It's true.
Et voilà.
What do you think?
- This is your room?
- Yes.
- I like it.
- I like it. too.
It smells familiar. I
don't know what it is.
It reminds me of home.
Were you offended by the
conversation downstairs?
Nah. of course not.
They're all entitled
to their... opinions.
They're young. They want
everything to be black and white.
And the tragedy is. you
can't move them beyond that.
- Mm.
- No matter how much
you tell them. no matter
how many books they read.
there are just some
things that can't be taught.
things like humility and loss.
And desire.
I loved your book.
Thank you.
Is there going to
be another one?
I hope so. eventually.
Ah. about the same people?
No. no. No. I...
I mean. it's an old
book. you know?
I'm not writing that
kind of thing anymore.
Why not?
Why. it's... I'm just...
Tell you the truth. I don't
really recognize that author.
Hmm. People change.
Yeah.
Lucky for you you
have a paper record
of the man you used to be...
whereas for most of us that younger
person only exists in our memory.
I'm glad you're here.
I was beginning to think
there wasn't anyone interesting
to talk to in all of New Jersey.
But... you're a famous author.
♪ Tense music ♪
And you've been to prison.
Sir Thomas Malory
wrote Le Morte d'Arthur
when he was prison.
Did you know that?
No. I didn't.
Mm-hmm.
So you're in good company.
Though many scholars
believe that the charges...
levied against him...
were invented.
Oh.
What's wrong?
Ah.
I-I don't feel... I don't
feel well all of a sudden.
- Sit. sit.
- No. it's okay.
I-I'll show myself out.
Hi. you've reached the
voicemail of Alison and...
- Joanie.
- We can't get to the phone
right now. so just
leave us a message.
and we'll get back
as soon as we can.
Thank you. and have a great day.
Hey. it's me. Um...
I know you told me not
to contact you. but. uh...
but I. um...
I just needed to
hear your voice. so...
And now I have. so...
so. uh...
♪ dark music ♪
Aah.
Oh. God.
♪ Dark music ♪